make unconditional prediction default (#463)
openpharma/mmrm: NEWS.md

- Previously `car::Anova` will fail if the model does not contain intercept. This is fixed now.
- Previously, `mmrm` will ignore contrasts defined for covariates in the input data set. This is fixed now.
- Previously, `predict` will always require the response to be valid, even for unconditional predictions. This is fixed now and unconditional prediction do not require the response to be valid anymore.
- When running with `TMB` package versions below 1.9.15, MMRM fit results are not completely reproducible. While this may not be relevant for most applications, because the numerical differences are very small, we now issue a warning to the user if this is the case. We advise users to upgrade their `TMB` package versions to 1.9.15 or higher to ensure reproducibility.

### Miscellaneous

- Upon fitting an MMRM, it is checked whether a not reproducible optimization feature of `TMB` is turned on. If so, a warning is issued to the user once per session.
- `model.matrix` is updated to ensure that the `NA` values are dropped.

> - `model.frame` is updated to ensure that the `na.action` works.

Reviewer: can merge these two items

Reviewer: I think we need a separate news item that the interface of `model.matrix` changed, instead of `include` there is now `drop_response`

Author: these two are different; model.frame can use `na.action` however, `model.matrix` always drop NA in data.

### Miscellaneous

- Upon fitting an MMRM, it is checked whether a not reproducible optimization feature of `TMB` is turned on. If so, a warning is issued to the user once per session.
- `model.matrix` is updated to ensure that the `NA` values are dropped. Additionally, an argument `use_response` is added to decide whether records with `NA` values in the response should be dicarded.
- `model.frame` is updated to ensure that the `na.action` works.

> - `predict` is updated to allow duplicated subject id for unconditional prediction(fixed effect only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `predict` is updated to allow duplicated subject IDs for unconditional prediction.
```
we anyway only have fixed effects so I would omit that
